hello everyone with you tribes and today we
see you door mod on etc.
weapon that is here is here all weapons
with scopes and various kinds yes for
so that our weapons and allah we need
each type of weapon needs its own weapons
bows let's go to a shotgun
potrony such as ka-90 is necessary
Here is such a cartridge for me and not
actually other cartridges to another
arms so to start shooting
we must and he is white what to do is hurt
our weapon
that is, pressing p we transmit
Our weapons now need to find for whom
you can shoot
so we take ny he was transferred
frost chicken
So
urge
slightly called
a little bit a little bit
a little bit
can now be different so
push ar
as we see tenge refining so we kill
recharge pretty pretty weighed or
behind them
in addition to animals, we can let them take
the fire
approaching
and so here we see our on the floor this
see
then it is no closer I wear harmonics
recharge principle mod satisfied and
funny you can shoot well
besides all these creatures you can
shoot and in hostile mobs
looking for love
what we supply
Hello
and fasten
you offended
Kalinin
Well
as visible creeper creeper and it crushed
you can shoot for mine since real
cellular watch already shoot the president
Well, actually all this mod can
say shake the site
m craft hyphen life.ru review mod made
freeman
subscribe to my channel put
likes and leave your comments before
dating